let's uh let's get ready for bed come on
I don't like it when you boys watch
stuff like that before bed okay no your
mom okay it's not real yeah but it'll
still give you nightmares
there are references to boggle across
all cultures some believed that he lived
in another realm and others believe that
it fed Oh for the corruption of
innocence reachable only by ritual or
sacrifice there's always three things in
common there's a murdered family house
in some form of offering image
literature music there's a problem I
found another house
well then burn it down it's not that
simple there's already a family that's
living in there what's gonna happen tell
anyone we'll kill you and your whole
family and wash the film over and over
and over
nice daddy
my shows about to start